Privacy Policy

About Jamb9ja: Jamb9ja is an offline information portal designed for students, graduates and interested individual of various schools.

Jamb9ja cares very much about your privacy. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at Jamb9ja@gmail.com

Information Collection and Use by Jamb9ja: Jamb9ja collects only sumitted data such as name, email and Android Id only. Android Id is collceted to generate a unique identification for every user and to authenticate its users.

Jamb9ja also logs non-personally-identifiable information such as often use of the application, this is to create the best user experience.

We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. It is important to note that the updates, newsletters or news will be that containing information about the improvement of our services.

Links: Jamb9ja contains links to sites. Jamb9ja is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on Jamb9ja.

Journals, Message Boards, Polls, Classifieds and Public Forums Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals, Message Boards, Classifieds or any other Public Forums that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications.

Correcting/Updating or Removing Information: Jamb9ja users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by sending us emails containing reasons why.

Security: Jamb9ja collected data is secured by encrypting the data and kept safe. Jamb9ja takes precautions to ensure that member account information is kept private by making the data encrypted so nobody can view them (not even the administrator). We use reasonable measures to protect other member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time For any additional information about the security measures we use on Jamb9ja, please contact us a Jamb9ja@gmail.com

Sharing and Disclosure of Information Jamb9ja Collects: Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Jamb9ja will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Jamb9ja, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the Jamb9ja Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. Jamb9ja reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Jamb9ja or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.

Changes in Our Privacy Policy: From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes, we will send them to your email to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the app after those changes have been sent to your emails If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by sending emails directly to you every 3 days for 30 days.

Contacting us: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this app, or your dealings with this app, please contact us at: Jamb9ja@gmail.com.
